Subtitles by DramaFever
[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
- Why did you do it?
- I'm sorry.
Is that an answer?
What's the real reason?
I was working on an assignment,
and I wanted to stand out.
Why? Did you want to be popular?
Yes.
Did you do that just to be popular?
I'm sorry. I won't do it again.
An apology won't solve this issue.
This school will be inspected
by the district because of you.
If you forgive me, I'll become
a hard-working student who only studies.
Just tell them what you just told me.
This is the best answer
you can give them, okay?
Yes.
I believe in you, Na Hyun.
You can do a good job, right?
- What about your father?
- He'll be here soon.
Okay, let's go inside.
- Yes.
- Take a deep breath.
Isn't your skirt too short?
Yes.
I'm ready.
[Disciplinary Committee Meeting]
As her homeroom teacher,
I'd like to apologize for her behavior.
I'm not here to hear an apology.
What were you thinking when you did that?
I'm sorry. If you forgive me
- I'll become a hard-working...
- I asked you for a reason.
I noticed that your grades
aren't that great either.
If you got good grades, I would have
thought you had your reasons, but...
This is unbelievable.
Why did you do that?
First, why don't we sit down
and speak calmly?
Because it was funny.
What? It's funny.
- Na Hyun.
- Look at her.
- The whole thing is funny.
- What do you know?
- Then what do you know, Lady?
- Hey!
Listen to her! Wait a minute!
Principal, will you allow this?
How can we forgive her?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
To be honest, I just
wanted to ask a question.
Because I don't know very much about it.
[You don't even understand.]
It's nice to hold my daughter's hand.
Stop swinging my arm.
Your arm's short, too.
My legs are short too.
It's okay because I'm proportional.
What the heck?
When are you getting married?
When the time comes...
Do you like her that much?
I just think... she'll become
a good mother to you.
I don't need a good mother.
I can't be a good daughter anyway.
- But if you spend time together...
- Aren't you sorry
that we came here without her?
- Why would I be sorry?
- Aren't you sorry at all?
Not at all? Never?
Of course not. I'm a fair man.
Then don't marry her.
This trip will be over in three days.
You're right.
What do you think
we'll be doing in three days?
I'm sure one of us will be back at work
and one of us will continue
working as a guide.
Do you have plans to go back to Korea?
Let's go inside.
The tide is rising, so it's cold.
Let's go.
How long will you hold my hand for?
Are you worried the others will see?
Do you know how fatal
this act can be for a guide?
Then, just until we get to the hotel.
- Fine, just until then.
We're here. Just until here.
That's too bad.
Should we walk back to the beach?
Forget it.
- We made a lot of money.
- You're right.
Look over there.
- What?
- Don't you see them?
It's no joke.
I know. They had a fling, then fought,
so they're on bad terms. I know.
Let's go. It's cold.
How many categories fall
under the word "love"?
I'm not sure. There must be many.
Joy, sadness, happiness, excitement.
Hurt, wounds, longing...
and sorrow.
Rage?
- That too.
- Tears.
- That would count too.
- Hedonism.
Doesn't that count?
Is that... what you wanted to talk about?
No, it's just a question.
Don't you think...
that question is wrong overall?
What's wrong with asking a question.
I guess there's nothing wrong.
What did your dad say after he saw it?
My dad usually doesn't tell me
I did anything wrong.
- The timing was good too.
- The timing?
When did he see it?
You scared me! Don't stare at me
like that! You look like a ghost!
I'm sorry.
What is this?
You scared the crap out of me.
Na Hyun, I have something to tell you.
Tell me tomorrow.
I'm dating someone.
What do you think about having a mother?
- I have something to tell you too.
- Sure, go ahead.
I handed in an assignment recently
and mine was voted first place.
Wow, that's my daughter.
So I uploaded it onto the internet,
but the school wants to talk to you.
Why? Are you getting an award?
Is it the "Best Dad Award"?
Wait a minute.
Is there any prize money?
What should we do with it?
- Should we buy meat?
- My dad is a bit childish.
I wasn't worried, though.
No matter what I do,
my dad never resents me.
These are the youth of our country.
How do they seem in your eyes?
A famous person once said this.
Just like how drunk people think
they're walking straight
kids often think they're smart.
Is it possible that no kid
is as smart as they think?
Where did you find that suit?
Are they unable to walk straight?
Is that why adults
must reenact everything?
We've received video footage
from a youth.
It's 5,000 won.
That's right.
Many people think that youth
are prohibited from buying condoms.
The truth is, it's an average item
that anyone can buy.
But my question is,
does it apply to all condoms?
- Are you a student?
- Yes.
This can't be bought
by underaged individuals.
They're the same, but the general-type
is allowed, yet the special-type is not.
What are their criteria?
After looking into it
we worked hard to find
the student from the footage.
It was absurd. Aren't they all the same?
But, you'll blur out my face, right?
What on earth is going on?
We asked the authorities
for an interview.
Through the "Prohibited and Harmful
Articles for Youth" notification of 2011
special-type condoms are
prohibited for underaged youth.
If anyone violates this
it can lead to a year in jail
or a five million won fine.
Why did the authorities
make this decision?
You're an adult, so you must know.
If a youth buys a special-type condom,
they could feel pleasure.
Are you saying youth
are not allowed feel pleasure?
Of course not.
Students should focus on their studies.
We believe it's right to ban youth from
pleasure for the good of their futures.
Our PD had no words for
what the authorities had to say.
It's because we're also adults
who need to protect the youth.
But let's listen.
Isn't this funny? I feel like they think
we're completely dirty kids.
It's possible that she filmed the footage
without knowing much about its meaning.
However, we walked away
from this with one question.
Regulation.
Is regulation the easiest way
to control the world?
Is it the best method?
That student's footage
will end as a revolt.
Na Hyun.
What is this?
It's a fictional documentary film.
You edited it well.
But are you...
- doing it with your boyfriend...
- I don't know why he's like that.
"Is it because you have a boyfriend?
Is that what you're doing with him?"
- That's what the school asked too.
- Yes.
I don't even have a boyfriend.
There were a few guys I liked,
but I hated that they were like my dad.
- In what way?
- They're totally immature.
Really? How did your father react?
He was serious about it,
and then asked to go on a vacation.
A vacation? Where?
- France.
- You must be excited.
Not really. He'll talk about
school and marriage if we go.
- It's annoying.
- But I'm still jealous.
It's France.
Are you really against the marriage?
Yeah.
- Why?
- Just because.
You must have a reason.
I'm going to sleep.
There are three well-known
vacations in France.
Their summer vacation,
their Christmas vacation
and their ski vacation in February.
Their summer vacations last for a month.
And most people go off on vacations
just like us during our holidays.
They call them "les grand vacances."
Their vacation is a month long?
- Yes, aren't you jealous.
- Yes, I'm jealous.
Who keeps the economy
alive during that month?
The public officials'
working hours are reduced
and many shops close, but no one
worries about the economy.
They know that they have to rest
enjoyably to work enjoyably.
What do they do for a month?
Doesn't it get boring?
They do nothing but rest,
or they go on a vacation.
They're different from us.
Koreans don't know
how to do much except work.
Where do they usually go for vacation?
Beaches are the best
destinations for vacation.
There are three vacation spots
that French workers love.
Nice, near the the Mediterranean.
Saint-Tropez, of Fauvism painters.
And the beach out of a movie, Deauville.
Wow, it's just like Haeundae.
This was where
"A Man and a Woman" was filmed.
That's it for me.
After enjoying your free time
please meet at the bus by 5 p.m.
You should stay and play with us too.
Should I? What should we do?
Good question.
What are we supposed to do?
That's what I'm saying.
We all need to practice
enjoying free time.
Take a look around the markets,
and take a walk holding hands.
Then, I'll see you tomorrow.
I'm going to take a walk through
the streets. I'll see you later.
Yes.
- Catch me!
- Have fun.
You didn't put on sunscreen, did you?
It stings when it gets in my eyes.
Come here. You'll get freckles.
You have nice skin. I'm jealous.
- Pat it down.
- Like this?
Lightly, like this.
Thank you.
Gosh, you didn't put any
on either, did you?
I'm too old for that.
Close your eyes.
Lightly.
Pat it down.
I'll see you later. Bye.
I told you not to walk near me.
You're open for a private tour, right?
- No.
- It was on the schedule.
Was it?
Yes, you're right, Customer.
It's 50 euros, right? Count me in.
That's okay. You don't have to
pay me to go on a date with you.
It's so other people won't find out.
You're funny. Then you shouldn't
ask me out in the first place.
- Put your wallet away.
- Big Sis!
Yes, where are you going?
50 euros, please. San Ma Ru
asked for a private tour.
If you pay an extra 20 euros,
I can give you a bike tour too.
You can ride a bike through
Deauville. It's really romantic and nice.
I'll do that. 70 euros.
Us too.
Why?
Can we get a discount if we both do it?
What?
We saw you in front of
the hotel yesterday.
I went all over the place,
so I don't remember.
You two were together
late at night yesterday.
We coincidentally ran into
each other. It wasn't that late.
Wasn't it around dinner time?
Yes, the sun was just about to set.
About that...
Can I ask you where you bought
the dress you were wearing?
- My dress?
- Yes, your dress.
About that...
I bought it in Paris,
but it was cheap.
It's not designer.
Where in Paris?
It's a shop in an alleyway. I'll show you
the way tomorrow when we get to Paris.
Thank you. Enjoy your day.
- Thank you.
- Let's go.
Do you think "Thank you"
was an appropriate response?
Was it inappropriate?
You acknowledged what she said.
I'm... scared of that woman.
Me too.
We could shop after a bike ride.
- Stop it.
- Is it because it's expensive?
Why would we butt into their date?
It's not a date. He paid her
the private tour fee and everything.
He did. In a totally awkward way.
How was that? Killer, right?
Cut. Again.
Why? I liked my acting.
You said "Killer."
Let's lie down.
- Ready?
- Let's stop.
Action!
Na Hyun!
Geez, the breeze feels nice.
This is the wind of France.
Don't do any ad-libs.
I want this wind
to take me back to Korea.
I like France,
but I don't want to go with Dad.
It seems like he adores you very much.
That's why. He always
worries about what I think.
It's not his fault that Mom passed away
and getting remarried
isn't his fault either.
But from his standpoint,
he must feel sorry.
That's why I don't want him
to get married.
Why? Are you afraid
she'll steal him away?
No, he has no right to love someone.
This is what he said
when my mom passed away.
Dad, why are you crying?
Because I love you too much.
Do you cry when you love
someone too much?
If you love someone,
you end up feeling sorry in many ways.
But he said he doesn't feel sorry
for the woman who will become my mother.
He probably feels sorry to her
but he can't say it because
he feels more sorry toward you.
- Do you think so?
- Of course.
We learned it in class.
Our country follows civil law
where concurrent offenses occur
which is why we only consider
the heaviest crimes.
Don't you think your dad is only
expressing his heaviest emotion?
Pardon?
Let's study some more, Na Hyun.
You said you didn't want to
study as a child either.
But you still have to study
to have freedom.
Korean, English,
and Math aren't all of it.
Then?
Apply for after-school classes.
You're falling behind
in memorization subjects.
They're all memorization classes.
Korean, English, and Math
are all memorization.
Exactly. You have
a hard time with all of them.
I'm sleepy.
You're always sleepy
when we talk about school.
I'm going to sleep.
I won't back down today.
I need to say what's on my mind.
- After my nap.
- Fine.
What are you looking at?
This is just another flea market.
Honey, what's wrong?
Are you dizzy? Are you tired?
Don't get up. Rest for little longer.
- I'm okay.
- You're not okay.
I'll be better if I eat and rest.
I just got... a little dizzy.
That's because
you're not eating properly.
Let's hurry back and rest.
Honey, let's go...
Let's go together.
What do you want to do?
If we make a purchase
over 1.8 million won
there's an extra fee
when we go through customs.
We need to ask him to give us
a receipt for under 1.8 million won.
- Will they do that?
- Probably.
- It's my English that's the problem.
- Can you do it?
I can do it. I just need
to be confident and say
"I know this bag is 2,000 euros."
"But, can you give me..."
"a receipt for 1,300..."
That's not it.
No, it is. "1,300 please."
I just need to say that.
Let's just pay the tax. I'll pay it.
Wait a minute.
300,000... is possible.
- Pay the tax?
- Yes.
1,300...
- That's pretty.
- I'll take a picture for you.
One, two, three.
One more. One, two, three.
Na Hyun!
Jung Na Hyun!
After you enjoy your free time
meet at the bus by 5 p.m.
The number is unavailable...
Jung Na Hyun!
Did you have a good time?
Excuse me.
- Didn't Na Hyun come?
- No.
Weren't you together?
We were at the beach,
but she disappeared.
She wouldn't have gone
anywhere by herself.
This is a safe area,
so I'm sure nothing happened.
It's not 5 p.m. yet,
so let's wait a little bit longer.
Answer your phone.
Where are you?
I called the police, but they
don't have any foreigners there.
- Did you call?
- She won't answer.
She won't respond to my texts either.
Do you have a tracking app on your phone?
We got rid of it because
it was an invasion of her privacy.
Wait here. I'll be right back.
We'll leave soon, but one person hasn't
come back yet, so please wait here.
She could have gotten lost,
so I'll take a look around...
Then I'll check the beach one more time.
If we miss each other,
it could become more difficult.
You don't know the way,
so I think you should wait here.
- What's the matter?
- It's nothing. Please wait inside.
- Your partner hasn't come yet, right?
- Yes.
I saw you calling her.
She didn't contact you?
Then let's look for her together.
I'll look for her too.
No, if we miss each other, it'll get
harder. And you don't know the way.
Numbers are important for manhunts.
I was on the search team
in the special forces.
Is something the matter?
You can go this way to the beach.
She could be waiting for you there.
And you two can go this way
and take a lap around.
So So and I will split up here
and search the alleyways.
- Does that sound good?
- Yes.
She could have gone into the wrong hotel
and fallen asleep while waiting.
Check the hotel lobbies,
and call So So if you find her.
Is something the matter?
If we look for her, when will we eat?
We should find her before we eat...
A group should follow
the rules! It's time to eat!
But someone disappeared.
Don't be like that.
You're so cold-hearted.
I'm not being cold-hearted!
We need to eat and rest!
Finding her is
more important than food, sir.
Then, he can wait here
while the rest of us eat!
You're too much.
- Don't be like that...
- Sir.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
I'll find you at the restaurant.
I'll call you.
Then, let's go to the restaurant.
We'll take a lap around
as originally planned.
Let's go.
I'll look for her too.
That guy.
They're all doing whatever they want.
How can they be so selfish?
- Get some rest.
- I'll look around here.
Where are you going?
Get some rest! You said you're dizzy!
Father.
Moving as a group
is important in group tours.
But when an accident occurs,
the group needs to protect the member.
That's the biggest advantage
to package tours.
Get some rest. This might take a while.
[DF Ver] E10 The Package
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Did you find her?
- No.
Na Hyun!
Jung Na Hyun!
All done. The end.
[Dad - 51 missed calls]
I'm in trouble.
I'm sorry.
Am I in second place?
That's good.
Yes, Father.
You found her?
The missing party is on the bus.
Please meet back at the bus.
- They found her.
- Good, let's go back.
Na Hyun!
Jung Na Hyun!
Hello?
Yes.
You must have been worried.
She was in the hotel lobby.
She was just around the corner.
Dad!
She called him "Dad."
- Dad?
He's her dad?
I'm sorry.
Not to me.
- Apologize to the group.
- I already did.
I'm sorry for being late.
I'm sorry.
Thank you for your hard work.
And you two look beautiful
as father and daughter.
You said they were having an affair.
This is a common occurrence
in group tours.
So please be understanding
and forgive each other.
It'll take 30 minutes
to get to the restaurant
but I prepared a special menu
for today. You must be curious.
Please get some rest
on our bus ride there.
Jung Yeon Sung?
Thank you.
Wow, I love that you add
a lot of seasoning in your food.
My groom likes it that way.
You're not even married yet.
These two have called each other "Bride,"
"Groom," and "Honey" since high school.
I don't like either of you.
Mother...
What's wrong with you?
Just call me "Mom."
- No need for that.
- Mom.
So So is doing just fine.
It's strange that you're not asking
questions since he came back from France.
I don't care about that wench
who left with her own two feet.
I'm not that curious either.
Is she eating properly?
- He said she's eating well.
- Bread.
He said she's eating a lot of bread.
- Didn't she lose weight?
- He said she gained weight.
She's not the type to gain weight.
Is it because she's having a hard time?
He said she gained just enough weight.
What is she up to over there?
He said she's busy getting her PhD.
It's not like she has money.
How can she afford that?
He said she's working as a guide,
and making a lot because she's their ace.
Is she even coming back?
As soon as she gets her PhD.
Did you forget Korean
after going to France?
Why aren't you saying anything?
- Rice.
- Hey.
Do women live to get you rice?
Get it yourself!
He said she'll be back for our wedding.
Big Sis is still cool.
She hasn't changed one bit.
He said she's like Joan of Arc.
Does she walk around
with armor and a sword?
- Yes.
- Yes?
Geez, you woman.
If you found her, you should have dragged
her here. Why are you here by yourself?
Can you eat after leaving
your big sister there?
That child went all the way there,
and went through all that trouble...
All by herself, that young thing...
She doesn't even know how to make rice...
I said she's eating bread!
Not rice, but bread!
I told you she's not starving!
She's going to come back on her own!
Why don't you trust her?
Why are you yelling at your mother?
I shouldn't have gone.
- Shut up, you punk!
- I just miss her!
What are you doing? Sit down.
But first, let's give Big Sis Guide
a round of applause.
Applause!
Please sit down.
By the way, shouldn't we
order soju for our soup?
- Gosh, stop it.
- Alcohol.
We need to.
Order a soju.
- That's okay. That's okay.
- Order it already.
[Yeon Sung]
What are you doing?
The number is unavailable...
Because we spent the whole day
on the beach under the sun
the travel agency is giving us a gift.
Really? They're not
charging us for it, are they?
Pardon? No, it's a gift. It's free.
Wow, your boss is a decent person.
Tell him to come here.
Why are you doing that here?
But, is there a proper side to use?
Do it when we get to our room.
No way, we should use good products
right away. Saving it is a waste.
You're too much.
- Is it good?
- Yes.
- You have to smooth it out.
- Is it funny?
Doesn't it feel like
we're back in our hometown?
- Yes.
- Paris is our second hometown.
C'est si bon. (It's so good.)
I will hold the Paris night tour tonight.
Is anyone interested?
Me!
Us too.
- Just the two teams?
- Not us.
- You're so shameless.
- Why?
Just stay still.
Then, is it just San Ma Ru?
Great, you can go on an evening date.
Why did you poke me like that?
- We'll go up now.
- Wait for us.
- We're leaving now.
- Yes.
Good job. You'll be blessed.
I'm doomed.
Aren't you being immature by
refusing to help me with my luggage?
Can you stop frowning?
Who taught you to talk
to your dad that way?
- Fix your manners.
- How can I fix them all of a sudden?
Then I won't talk to you.
Don't bother.
Here's the night tour fee.
- I wanted to ride the cruise ship.
- The Seine River cruise ship?
Great, let's go.
How about a glass of wine
instead of sightseeing?
- I'm in.
- I don't want snacks, though.
That's okay.
It's on me today. Follow me.
I felt sorry for what happened today.
I didn't watch her properly.
That's true, but my wife
isn't feeling very well.
She doesn't have a lot of energy,
and she said she felt dizzy
so I wanted to feed her
and get her to rest...
I'm sorry for the inconvenience
we caused you.
Have a good night.
How could you be like that?
What do you mean?
It's about earlier today. Imagine how
he felt when his daughter disappeared.
What's the use of bringing that up again?
At least he found her.
How could you say you
wanted to eat in that situation?
How could you do that to a father
who lost his daughter?
You're a father too.
This woman. Are you overflowing
with energy after that meal?
- Why are you scolding me here?
- I won't scold you for long anyway.
You won't hear it after I die.
Stop the nonsense and sleep!
I really hate you.
How much money did you
lose by being so nosy?
Don't worry about other families,
and protect your own first!
I'll buy you a better one in the future.
That's okay. I'm happy enough with this.
Take it. It's a gift.
What's this?
It's a business card holder.
When did you buy this?
I quickly bought it when you
went to the bathroom.
Wow, this is so luxurious. Thank you.
Promise you'll only use it for business
cards you'll keep for at least 10 years.
Hey, we never know what will happen.
10 years doesn't make sense.
That's why I want you to promise.
Are you telling me to enter a company
instead of starting a business?
- I'll hear about my investment tomorrow.
- I mean
you should be consistent
with anything you do.
- It's not like I didn't want to.
- Why are you talking that way?
That's what you mean.
Isn't it because I changed jobs
and had a few failed businesses?
I want to succeed too.
I can't help that it's not working out.
Have you ever done something
you liked for 10 years?
I didn't have the opportunity.
I wasn't capable enough either.
I've had a job I don't like for 10 years
because that's all I'm capable of.
I understand. Thank you.
I'll use it well.
How is it?
I feel like I'm actually in France.
Why isn't this included
in the itinerary? It's so nice.
My boss was against it.
Why?
That's the real France!
Then is the Eiffel Tower fake France?
The itinerary is always the same.
Nothing's new.
It's always new to people
who come here for the first time.
Then, I'll unofficially
add it as a night tour.
If you do, will the tourists like it?
- It'll be killer.
- Yes, it'll all be over.
If the rumor goes around, everyone
will add it to their package tours.
Then all the tourists will be
everywhere taking pictures.
Do you think the locals will like that?
- No.
- The most important thing
is to satisfy our travelers.
But we have no right to steal
the locals' happiness away.
This is a rule that people
of the tourist industry must follow.
Your boss is a great man.
He's usually a thoughtless person.
But he comes through once in a while.
Are you happy when you come here?
I don't come here to be happy
but seeing as how
I always come here, I must like it.
- You're a local now.
- Of course.
It's been seven years since I moved here.
You haven't visited home
since then, have you?
I feel like that must be the case from
how your brother came looking for you.
Did your brother arrive in Korea safely?
Did you get a call?
I still didn't get an answer
to my question yesterday.
Do you have any interest
in going back to Korea?
I don't want to hear it! Stop it!
You shouldn't say that to your dad!
I always think about you!
Have you ever thought about me?
I do! I think about you every few days!
What's the use of thinking
if you don't listen?
- What about school?
- I've already been expelled.
You should get your GED
and go to college!
What are you going to do
without a high school diploma?
That's why I'm thinking about
how to live my life!
There's no point in thinking! Take your
GED, go to college, or study abroad!
You always say the same thing.
- Is there only one path to life?
- There are many! There are so many!
So study hard and go to college!
If you do, you can take any path you
want and have whatever you want!
Can't you just trust me?
Can't you trust me and do as I say first?
[Mi Jung]
Answer your phone.
It's obvious who it is.
Is it because I'm getting married?
- Is that why you're rebelling?
- You're so immature!
Fine! I won't get married!
That's not why!
I won't make you suffer
because I want to be happy!
- I won't get married, okay?
- Gosh, seriously!
Don't yell!
- I won't get married, okay?
- Gosh, seriously!
Don't yell!
[Mi Jung]
This number can't be reached...
[Jung Na Hyun]
"A man who can't."
Cut! Again!
Try to look cool for once.
Thank you for accepting my dad...
[Thank you for accepting my dad...]
Na Hyun!
A man who can't do anything right.
But the thing is...
I love you.
I love you. I love you.
- How was that?
- Forget it. I want to stop.
Film it again. Watch.
I love you.
How was that? Killer, right?
Kill me.
Hey, watch this.
I'm feeling emotional. Film me.
I love you.
What's up with his pronunciation?
I'll call you "Mom" one day.
Please wait, even if it takes a while.
- Thank you for your hard work.
- Yes.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
- Thank you for your hard work.
- Thank you.
What are you watching?
A video clip of my future husband.
Who filmed it?
My future daughter.
I always take your side and I love you
so much! What are you lacking?
Why do you keep rebelling like this?
I do everything you want!
My dad doesn't get mad at me.
He said I didn't do anything wrong.
Did you know?
Your dad... begged on his knees
that day at the meeting.
I'm begging you.
Please don't expel her.
I couldn't do that,
even though you're my student.
But your dad did.
I have to leave now. My dad is waiting.
You were the best teacher I've ever had.
Have a safe trip.
And don't resent your dad because
he nags you about studying.
There were times when I couldn't
stand him, but I never resented him.
My dad's the same way.
He'll never resent me.
I'll see you.
I'll only focus on you from now on...
so study.
You don't even understand me.
Why are you acting that way?
Did you know it gets harder
to stand you the more you do this?
I resent you so much.
Really.
Is it fun living here?
Of course. I like it.
I like this job too.
I thought it'd get boring. It's the same
itinerary with the same explanations.
The people are different, though.
It feels like a different trip
every time because of the people.
And no one looks down on me.
It's not a job people
should look down on.
You know how it is.
"A woman is working to the bone
to make money abroad."
Do you want to hear the most
absurd thing I ever heard?
"How did you end up like this?"
I feel insulted when I hear that.
I feel like something's wrong with me.
Many people are like that.
They think professions give them rank.
It's not like that in France.
They don't care about what other
people think and focus on themselves.
The most important thing is whether
I'm happy or not doing my job.
- Are you happy too?
- Of course.
Is that why you're not
going back to Korea?
What are you curious about, exactly?
It seems like you're
just hanging in there
even though you want to go back.
I don't know much, but I hope you
follow your heart before it's too late.
Ma Ru.
Guess if the telescope or
the microscope was invented first.
- Telescope?
- Nope.
Microscope.
People have this kind of greed.
They want to see
everything they can't see
and uncover everything that's hidden.
That's why people are scary to me.
Especially Koreans.
Koreans are bothered
until they uncover the truth.
"Why aren't you going
back to Korea? Is that why?"
"I'm right, aren't I? I was right."
And then they become the advisor
and give me warnings.
"It's not too late.
You should go back now."
That's funny.
It's not like you understand.
I didn't mean it that way.
I always came here alone.
This is the first time
I came with someone else.
I liked this place so much that I wanted
to come here with someone I liked.
But...
this date is ruined.
Subtitles by DramaFever
- You scared me!
- You startled me!
Why did you stand there without
a word? I thought you were a ghost!
This is Pont Neuf, which is a bridge
that was in "The Lovers on the Bridge."
Pont Neuf could be a word
that completes the romance of Paris.
We lost a lot of money,
but earned a lot too.
I want to live happily for a long time...
I just want to love.
I don't want to brag.
If I believe in fate...
If fate brings us back together...
Then I'll...